yeah well boys and girls of all ages
because Steve got himself oh yeah
no no fast Steve has already lost a
couple of his spinnerbaits to a lot of
debris around the section using a look
this is a concur prepared spinner
whatever mono fast
hope you see didn't get stung
good start that's good start
Memphis Steve is fishing from a bank of
the Eno in a section he's been out over
there but not fished from there and he's
on the river mouth side and it really
hasn't been on before pretty good so far
very British moment ago uncle Steve got
a roll of bass actually smaller than
this from right here be the same lure
like two minutes earlier the reason why
you're not seeing it is because there's
a Steve forgot to press the record
button this is the second redbreast
sunfish uncle Steve caught today one
marker Steve showed you this cream shad
on a good quality spinner rig from cream
lures and he added the shot wait so just
standing here five minutes after a very
long period of not getting anything got
two hits for this little shad what you
didn't see him so Steve do that
you didn't see uncle Steve do that right
like I see this tired and his blood
sugar is low he actually needs something
to eat be the best in the car and the
car is not really close we're still
having fun
we're just gonna give it a third good
try right well and walk it down from
where the gals are they said what's that
and then castee looking sister beaver
the beaver swimming in the e no going
over to something that and then he dove
so he probably has a lodge with an
underground underwater entrance
they seem that both of those seem to
have hit out there in the middle oh no
it's that a fish or a snag the Steve has
already lost five of these lures today
admittedly they're only going for like
fifty cents a piece but it's tiresome to
have to keep replacing them
there's a trail right along the other
side the main trail for this part of the
Ino there's a trail behind us but no
trail along the bank which means that
people rarely are fishing this section
from this side
no boys and girls of all ages because
Steve just lost that Chad Brewer just
over there enough for today
it's a beautiful afternoon down here no
casinos is fished along this side of the
bank and he has fished over there but
only in a couple of spots and more than
a year ago guess you ought to try that
stuff on that side too although this
side looks better in terms of access so
uncle Steve got three Roanoke bass and
three redbreast sunfish and he lost six
pinner lures which were worth about 50
cents 50 to 75 cents apiece so we're
just doing the economic cost how to
buckle Steve's pocket for today's six
fish catch it's all for fun so until the
next episode this is uncle Steve saying
buddy else